frameworks:
1.discuss the topic of the project and the feasibility of the topic
2.write user story 
3.find suitable twitter account where we can get information we need
5.apply for twitter api and google api
6.learn google api first so we can get access to what we need to gain from twitter api
7.learn how to get neccessary information by twitter api
8.start programming

Userstory
For students, it can be difficult to decide which clothes to wear when they are going to attend a interview since they don't have much experience. They really need some good advice expecially the suggestion from someone who have attended the interview earlier. We want to write a small program that can provide people with advices about which cloth to wear when they want to attend some job interview acorrding to the content from tweets.We can offer people some good suggestions with the help of photoes other people posted on twitter.As the designer of this program i can benefit from advertisement because many company are willing to advertise there products here if we can have many users.Then we can compare the companies and only advertise for companies offering high quality products at good prices, so everyone will benefit from it. As a student i will have a easy and quick access to suggestions about which clothes to wear when i want to attend an interview. As a studnet i want to save the time choosing the brand because there is so many brands offering the same kind of clothes and choose the suitable brand can be quite time consuming.So with the help of the program it will be easy for me to choose the clothes that suitable for me. As a company i can know which design is more popular and suitable for people who want to find a job so i can design some best sale clothes. As a clothing retailer i can get information about where this kind of clothes is most demanded.This information is no doubt of great value when i want to opne a new store

User Stories
Initial Topic: Interview Dressing
Motivation: we want to do something different
Shortcoming: it is hard to use the quantitative methods.
Example: we cannot find a blogger who write about the interview dressing only, also the brand of dress is hard to find in English, even after using the advanced research
Adjusted Topic: Vogue Magazine
Motivation: we searched for the best brand for twitter in 2019 through the Internet
    https://heartifb.com/the-fashion-bloggers-guide-of-who-to-follow-on-twitter/
Reason: a traditional magazine has responsibility to promote their works to the reader via all of the popular social media
User stories in details:
   Vogue Magazine try to lead the world culture to the global readers via the paper/.      digital magazine. Unlike Elle, Vogue is always in the No.1 for all charts. Only one magazine, covers 23 countries
